I will tell you why the Japanese military is strong.
The Japanese military has been led by the Emperor since the time of the Emperor.
The Japanese military is different from the soldiers of the country and the country's soldiers.
The Emperor has been led by the military.
The reason why the Emperor can protect Japan and protect the country is decided by your work.
If the Japanese military is not strong, the Emperor will be worried about you.
The Emperor is grateful.
The military is not just a big sum.
The military is made up of soldiers.
The soldiers become the citizens of Japan.
The Japanese military is a national army.
The whole nation is a military.
The military and the people are one.
The Emperor is a great emperor.
He protects the country and the country.
The Japanese military is strong.
The Japanese military is not just a national army.
The Emperor is grateful.